Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[narrator] Mumbai. 1986.
When Bachchan ruled over
the Indian box office
and goons ruled over
the streets of Mumbai.
there was only one name
the goons were afraid of.
The Mumbai Police.
There were many Mumbai Police officers
who performed amazing feats
of courage during this time.
This is the story of one such feat
which happens to be true
but seems like fiction.
It's a story inspired by true events
but looks like a fairy-tale.
MAHARASHTRA ADMINISTRATION
GREATER MUMBAI MILK SCHEME
[Hindi music playing on radio]
Uncle Joshi.
- How are you?
- Oh. Zende.
On home duty today?
Well. Uncle Joshi. you have to do
these chores if you want to keep
- the home commissioner happy. huh?
- [chuckling]
And you have a lot of experience in this.
[newscaster]
Good morning. Special News Bulletin.
We have just received the news
that Interpol's Most Wanted Criminal.
the Swimsuit Killer. Carl Bhojraj.
escaped from Delhi's Tihar Jail
last night.
- Hey. Zende?
- [wings flapping]
Where did he go?
[chattering]
- [Zende] Ah. move. move.
- [person] I'm with you. sir.
- Bye. Dad.
- Bye. bye. bye.
- Go on. Bye.
Hey. where's the milk?
There's no milk. Commissioner.
- Why?
- Because the cows drank up
- all the milk today.
- [elder praying]
It's not even seven o'clock yet.
and you're already in uniform?
[anthemic music playing]
- I'll see you. [Grunts]
- Mmm.
- Go safely. okay?
- Yeah.
- [spouse] But what happened?
- [Zende sighs]
Totally lost face.
Who did?
The whole nation.
[music ends]
[sinister music playing]
[newscaster]
The murderous criminal. Carl Bhojraj
escaped from Delhi's Tihar Jail
last evening with four of his accomplices.
- [inmates cheering]
- [newscaster] Under the pretence
of celebrating his birthday.
Carl tricked the entire prison staff
and his inmates
by treating them to a special pudding
mixed with sleeping pills.
[snoring]
The names of the inmates who
escaped with Carl are:
David Jones. Lalit Khatana.
Ratan Tomar and Subhash Tyagi.
[snoring]
Whoo! Yeah. baby!
[laughs]
[Tyagi] Hey. go on. Get in.
[music continues]
- [Tomar] What do you want. man?
- [Lalit] Do you want to sit on my lap?
Huh? Huh? [Chuckles]
Come on. guys. we need to leave.
[gunshot]
[engine starts]
Goodbye. Tihar.
[music ends]
MAHARASHTRA NEWS
- Sir.
- Jai Hind. sir.
[chattering]
[Zende] Patil.
were there any calls for me?
- No. sir.
- There will be.
There won't be. sir. The phone's been dead
since last night. [Chuckles]
He's just escaped from jail!
And here you are.
- sitting with the phone. dead. Patil?
- Sir. not me.
That… That Dattu Mane who lives
in Building Number 4. Go get him.
Yes. sir.
- But. sir. Dattu is a plumber. not a...
- Not him.
His brother. Babu.
He works with the telephone company.
Go get him. That's what I've been saying
to you all along.
Yes. sir. That's what you said.
[chuckling] I got you now. sir.
Babu… uh. Jai Hind. sir.
Hey. Babu. How much longer. man?
Sir. I'm in more of a hurry
than you are right now.
I was going to the loo
when Patil sir dragged me here.
Along with his bucket.
Sir. you should pay your bill on time.
Hey. you fool. Get lost! Go!
AGRIPADA POLICE STATION
[imitates phone ringing]
[Patil] Sir.
Hey.
Come here.
He sounded just like a phone.
didn't he. huh?
Let's hear you do it once more.
[imitates phone ringing]
Okay. and if the phone is engaged.
what kind of sound will it make?
[imitating buzzing phone]
- [scoffs] Wow. Talented. huh?
- [chuckles]
Hey. Parab. take this guy inside. yeah?
Give him a few whacks on the butt.
Knock all the artistry out of him.
And until the phone starts working again.
I want to hear him making these sounds.
- Go on.
- Come on. sir.
- I was just doing some social service.
- Yeah.
So I'm doing social service as well.
- Hey! Come on. sir.
- Come. I'll teach you social service.
- You are hitting me for this? Sir. listen…
- Come.
Sir. I was thinking. whose call
are you waiting for so eagerly?
- He's escaped from jail. Don't you know?
- [Babu] Whoa. Patil. sir!
- Hold the ladder!
- Oh. yeah. Sorry. sorry.
[phone ringing]
It's the phone. sir.
It's really ringing. Run!
[Babu] Hey! Patil. sir!
[whimpers]
- [stammering] Patil. sir!
- [crash]
Patil?
You should go ahead. sir.
Let me help the fallen.
[grunts]
[imitating phone ringing]
Hey. shut up. Why are you ringing
when the phone's ringing?
- Hey. Come on. Take him away.
- Hey. Come on. Move.
Thank you. sir.
Hello. Inspector Zende.
Agripada Police Station.
Sir.
I'll be there. sir.
Right away.
[heroic rock music playing]
[engine starts]
MAHARASHTRA POLICE HEADQUARTERS
- Zende.
- Sir.
There's an article on you
in the afternoon paper today.
"Bombay Police have the man
who nabbed Carl."
So you've caught Carl
once before this. right?
[dramatic music playing]
[pants. grunts]
- [grunts]
[dog barking]
Swamy. sir. Swamy. sir.
[scooter squeaking]
[grunts]
Hmm.
- Sir. sir. sir!
- Yeah. yeah?
I'll tell you. sir. Don't hit me.
- Come on. Tell me.
- I'll tell you everything. Everything.
Agarwal's office is going to be robbed.
- Who's Agarwal?
- He's a money lender.
- On Merry Weather Road.
- What's his name?
- Uh…
- Tell me!
- [stammering] Carl. Yeah.
- Carl?
Voilà.
Chanel?
Good choice. Mr Agarwal.
- [spritzes]
- [giggling]
- [spritzing]
- [giggling continues]
- [whimpers]
- [snickers]
[Agarwal stammering] One minute. sir.
My clothes. please?
You stay naked.
you stay alive.
Hey!
Never point a gun at a lady.
Come on. Get out.
[hisses. exhales]
- Which perfume?
- Chanel.
Agarwal! You naughty boy!
You deserve better.
You know. don't you?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm-hmm?
[accomplice] Boss. all done.
Maybe next time.
[kisses air]
[Zende] Hello. Carl.
[dramatic sting plays]
- Who Carl?
- You Carl.
I'm not Carl.
You are bloody Carl.
[tense music playing]
- [grunting. shouts]
- [grunting]
[shouts. exclaims]
[both grunting. groaning]
Shoot him.
[all] You are under arrest!
You are under arrest. Carl.
The CID has reliable information
that after escaping from Tihar Jail.
Carl is now in Mumbai.
Will you be able to catch him again?
[officer] Excuse me. sir.
Fifteen years ago.
Carl was just a common thief.
But in these 15 years.
he's committed 32 murders.
He's broken out of jail five times
in four countries.
It's not that easy to catch Carl now. sir.
He is Interpol's Most Wanted Criminal.
What do you know about him. Zende?
Have you suddenly turned into the third
wise monkey who speaks no evil. Zende?
[groans]
Maybe we've chosen the wrong man.
Karamchand Virwani Gurmukh Carl Bhojraj.
Mother. Lebanese. Father. Indian Sindhi.
When Carl was a child.
his father abandoned him and his mother.
It was after this that his mother
got married to a Frenchman.
He lived with his mother and the Frenchman
in France for a few years.
He is part Indian. part Lebanese.
and part French.
But a complete and utter criminal.
[suave music playing]
[Zende] Carl has a five-star lifestyle.
Five-star hotels. designer clothes.
luxury cars.
And the only way he knows
how to pay for it all
is with crime.
He's handsome. like a movie star.
and a sweet-talking smooth operator.
He can get anyone to do anything he wants.
especially young women.
[giggles]
You know what?
You look like that guy. Carl.
[dramatic sting plays]
[Carl] Hmm?
That criminal who escaped from jail
a few days ago.
There were two men on my flight
from Delhi to Bombay.
They had his picture.
They must have been policemen.
By the way. what's your name?
Carl.
[music fades]
[scoffs. laughing]
[upbeat music playing]
[laughs]
His first murder was of an American girl
named Angela Norton.
He mixed some sleeping pills
into her drink
and then proceeded to kill her
by drowning her in the sea in Thailand.
[victim breathes heavily. screaming]
[sinister music playing]
[Zende] After Angela. there was Rosy.
And then. there was Josephine.
And many more such women were murdered.
All the women who were murdered
were found wearing swimsuits.
And that's how he got the nickname
"the Swimsuit Killer".
[gasps. screaming]
[Zende] There are 32 murders
registered in his name.
Why does he commit these murders?
For Money? Jewellery?
Passports? For thrills?
It could be any reason.
He's been arrested five times.
and managed to escape every single time.
And that's why all the English newspapers
have dubbed him "the Snake".
Serpent.
Do you know how to catch a snake. Zende?
However venomous a snake may be. sir.
the mongoose always beats the snake.
So. you are our mongoose. are you?
Minus the tail. The two-legged kind.
- Get him. Zende.
- Sir.
Not on the chicken. man.
You… You think you're
a mermaid. right? Here.
- [grunting]
- Lalit. David.
- We have to go.
- But. Carl. the fun's just starting.
Now!
No more five-star hotel.
[upbeat. mysterious music playing]
Sir. what do we do with her?
Nothing. She has no identity.
Okay. sir.
Come on. Let's finish up.
[no audible dialogue]
What did you say his name was?
Carl.
Carl? The one who just escaped from jail?
That one?
Yes. The man I caught 15 years ago.
That one.
So you've been chasing after him
for the last three days?
Commissioner. I chased after you
for three years.
- Only then. did you agree to marry me.
- [children laughing]
Oh. so you're planning
to marry that criminal?
- [laughs]
- Don't make food for me tomorrow. Ma.
- Why? Going on a hunger strike?
No. tomorrow's a Saturday.
I'll fast every Saturday and pray
to Lord Hanuman. for your protection.
But. Commissioner.
I have you to protect me. right?
- So why bother poor Lord Hanuman?
- [both laugh]
[shushes] Hmm.
Listen. I don't interfere
with your police work.
- You don't interfere with my beliefs.
- Copy that.
Come on. children.
You have school tomorrow.
What are you doing?
N-Nothing. I just thought
I'd help you a little.
Don't try to butter me up. okay?
- Leave it.
- Y-Yeah. okay.
[children chattering]
[tender music playing]
Why only… Why only you?
Because I'm the one
who caught him 15 years ago.
Then tell them that you are.
uh. too old for this job.
[inhales deeply]
Am I really that old?
- [clicks tongue. chuckles]
- [chuckles]
Look. Commissioner.
He who does not do wrong to others
is a good man.
He who doesn't let himself be wronged
is a strong man.
And he who prevents others
from being wronged
is a decent man.
Am I not a decent man?
Well. that's the problem.
It's a problem?
- It's a problem?
- [neighbour] Uncle Zende!
- What is it?
- There's a phone call for you.
[upbeat music playing on radio]
- Yeah. hello.
- [Patil] Hello. sir. Sir…
[music softens]
- Hello?
- Yeah.
Sir. can you come to Hotel Airport Plaza?
There's something fishy going on here.
Please come check it out. sir.
Fine. I will be there in 20 minutes.
[tense music playing]
Take a good. hard look at this photograph.
We are looking for this man.
- Sir. how old is this photograph?
- It's 15 years old.
Come on. sir. Don't you have
a more recent picture of his?
- [chuckles]
- Really?
Then you catch him today.
And we'll take a picture of you with him.
The latest.
Housekeeping.
[imitates shuttering camera]
Sir. room service?
[knocking]
Room service.
Cheers.
Sir?
Oh. madam.
Dinner?
[knocking on door]
Sir. sir.
the person in 410 is not responding.
- Break it down.
- Come on. Let's go.
[knocking on door]
Hey. stop knocking. Break it.
- Come on. Give it all you have got!
- [grunts]
- [in French] What is going on?
- Grab him! Take him down!
- Come on!
- [in French] Let me go!
Let me go! Do you hear me?
[in English] Shut up. you rascal!
- What happened?
- Help. mate! Hey! [Grunting]
- [grunting]
- Hey. hey. Stand. Stand sti…
- Well. okay. bye. No. Nope.
- No.
- [Zende] Man. it's not him.
- [Patil] It's the same guy. sir.
Hello. Where are you from-from?
[in French] Let me go!
Look at his moustache.
It's a different moustache.
If I had a moustache.
I would look very different too.
- Sir. he bit me!
- Calm down. you mother...
- Sir. sir. should we just… What do we do?
- Okay. let's take him.
- Hey. you. move! Move! Come on!
- Take him.
- [guest grunting]
- [inspector] Hey. move it! Move!
- Hey. Hey. Hey.
- Rascal! Come on.
- Come on.
- Keep walking.
- Push him. Push him hard!
- [in French] Let go of me.
- I hate you all.
- [in English] Hey. stop. Hey. go inside.
- Hey. Matre. Lift him up. Hurry up! Move!
- Move! Yeah. yeah!
[clamouring]
[intense heroic music playing]
[Patil] Sir!
We are not able to hold him. sir!
Please. come quickly! Hey. stop!
[cunning music playing]
[clamouring]
Stop it! Stop!
[official] This is disgraceful.
DGP Purandhare.
Very shameful.
You should suspend
that idiotic inspector immediately.
How could he get the wrong man?
And that too. a foreign national?
Do you have any idea what a huge issue
the French Embassy has turned this into?
Mr Swamy. tell him.
Mr Swamy works with Interpol
on behalf of our country.
International pressure
is building up. sir.
[mysterious music playing]
The victims of more than 32 murders
committed by Carl
are Americans and Europeans.
That's why we're under a lot of pressure
from these powerful nations.
It's been three days
since he escaped from Tihar
and we're nowhere close to catching him.
And with this wrongful arrest
made by the Mumbai Police.
it has made matters worse.
We tried our best. sir.
- But...
- But. clearly. your best is not the best.
[Purandhare] I don't appreciate
getting an ass-kicking from someone else.
Yes. sir. I've been telling you
to give the case to someone new.
Will you come with me
to the cattle market?
- What. sir?
- To buy a couple of bulls?
- Sir. bulls?
- Yeah.
With your blessings. the department
is sure to give me an early retirement.
"Sorry. sir. I think. uh.
I'll go and do some farming."
Because at least.
the bulls will obey my orders.
Sir? But when have I not obeyed
your orders. sir?
I have assigned this case to you.
and you are going to catch him.
- Anyway. do you have a lead? Where is he?
- No. sir.
Ever since Airport Plaza. I have searched
all the five-star and four-star hotels.
He is not in Mumbai. sir.
Wherever he is. I want to see
the Mumbai Police capture Carl's wicket.
- [Zende] Yes. sir.
- Caught by Mumbai Police.
- Bowled by Mumbai Police.
- [Zende] Yes. sir.
You want to dive with me?
No. No. sir. If my clothes get wet.
the Commissioner will tear my head off.
- Commissioner?
- [stammering] My wife. sir.
Well. sir. go ahead.
[tense music playing]
If we don't nab Carl.
the Ministry will tear our heads off.
[mischievous music playing]
[taxi metre rings]
[scribbling]
- Zende. sir?
- Yes. sir.
Let him pass.
Sir. Inspector Jacob.
Oh. Purandhare sir
had spoken to me about you.
- I see.
- Yeah.
Purandhare sir handed over
Carl Bhojraj's file to me today.
Our old friend has left
a little love letter for us.
That bastard.
[Zende] We'll have to meet him soon
and tell him
that "Bombay Police love you." too.
His wife is also mentioned
in the file. sir.
Chantaal.
Chantaal is his wife's name.
[smacks lips] Chantelle. sir.
- Huh? Huh?
- Chantelle.
- No. Mrs Zende. No. No more.
- What? Come on. It's okay. Have some.
But the spelling starts with C-H. right?
So C-H is usually
pronounced "cha". Chantaal?
Uh. the spelling may be C-H. sir.
but it's pronounced "Shantelle."
- Chantelle. That's so weird.
- Mmm.
They write "cha". pronounce it "sha".
and we get shooed in the middle. [Laughs]
Don't you ever laugh. Jacob?
- Me?
- Mmm.
I am laughing. sir.
[inhales sharply] Okay. okay.
You know. this wife of Carl's left him
a very long ago.
But they haven't gotten divorced yet.
you know.
So the royalties from all the books
written about Carl
go straight into an account that
Chantaal…
Chantelle holds in her own name.
- [spouse] Listen.
- Hmm?
Tea.
Sir. his wife is somewhere abroad. right?
In America.
[sucks teeth] Ow.
- Here. here. here. Here you go.
- [stammers] Sir.
- What do you think. Jacob?
- Sir?
Where could Carl be right now?
He could be anywhere. sir.
Jaipur. Jodhpur. Goa. Pondicherry.
Where there are usually a lot
of foreigners.
They are the people he targets.
He must be in a place where. as usual.
he's staying in a five-star hotel
under a false name.
[devious music playing]
MUMBAI
SATARA / PANVEL BUS STOP
Hey! Hey! Brother. listen!
Brother! Carl!
No names.
You said you'd take me to America. man.
What the hell is this place?
The road to America
goes straight through Panvel. my friend.
[music continues]
[inspector] Ever since we received your
Look Out Notice. we've been on alert. sir.
He was going to take
the Gorakhpur Express.
We picked him up.
and when we checked his bag.
this is what we found in it.
[mysterious music playing]
Ratan Tomar.
Out of the five people who escaped from
Tihar with Carl. this is one of them. sir.
But he says his name is Ajay Agarwal.
Hello. Tomar.
Hey. who is this Tomar. bro...
My name… My name isn't Tomar. sir.
I am Agarwal.
Ajay Agarwal. the businessman.
Sir. I swear to God that bag isn't mine.
I found it lying around.
I must have been crazy
to have picked it up.
Why are your legs all swollen up?
Legs?
I fell down as a child.
But I'm all right now. sir.
What you need is a good massage.
Massage?
Hasn't anyone massaged them?
My mother did when I was a boy.
[Zende] No mother anymore?
Don't you worry.
Your father is here now.
Gawde!
- [Tomar groans softly]
- Yes. sir?
Go get the lizard oil.
Lizard oil?
- [stammering] Uh. why?
- So. Tomar.
[stammering] Not Tomar. sir.
I told you I am Agarwal.
- Ajay Agarwal. reputed businessman.
- Mmm.
Ball.
You know that cricket match between India
and Pakistan that's happening in Sharjah?
- Who is going to win it?
- Huh?
- Who is going to win?
- [gasps]
- Who is going to win it?
- [stammers. chuckles]
Sir. I don't understand cricket at all.
I'm a. uh. hockey fan. sir. Always been.
- Sir. Oil.
- [Zende] Mmm?
Lizard oil.
Sir… [shakily] I am fine. sir.
[clears throat] So. Mr Agarwal...
Tomar… [stammers] Ajay Agarwal.
Hmm.
- Gawde.
- [Gawde] Sir.
Here. take this.
And give me a hanky.
- Listen.
- [Gawde] Yes. sir?
[whispering]
- Big one. Big one.
- [Gawde] Hmm? Mmm. Okay. sir.
- Give me your leg.
- [stammers]
Please don't do this. sir.
You shouldn't have to touch my feet.
Serving the public
is the sworn duty of every policeman.
Let… Let it be. sir.
- [grunts. breathes shakily]
- Ah. yes.
Please. Sir. sir. sir!
I know it hurts.
but I'll take away the pain. Ah. [Sighs]
- Uh… [stammering] Sir!
- Mmm. yeah.
Okay. So. you are fond of hockey.
are you? Yeah?
- [shuddering] Yeah.
- Tell me.
who is your favourite player? Dhyan Chand?
- Yes. Yes.
- Hmm?
- Mohammed Shahid?
- Yes. yes. yes.
- Roop Singh?
- Yes. yes.
- Carl Bhojraj?
- [shakily] Huh?
- What happened?
- [stammering]
Which player did you just say?
- I haven't. uh. heard of him before.
- What?
You don't know Carl Bhojraj?
No.
Oh. he's hit some really big ones.
- Goals. Mmm.
- I'm sure he has hit them.
When an experienced officer like you
says so. they must be big ones.
Sir. Sir. I beg you.
please let me go. sir.
You have the wrong man.
I didn't do anything.
- [whimpering]
- I have only just applied the oil.
Now. I'm going to extract.
- Please. sir!
- Yes.
[Gawde] Here's the oil. sir.
[heroic rock music playing]
Come on. Tomar.
Let's play hockey.
Uh. hockey? No.
I don't want to play.
Hotel Panchratna.
Panvel.
[mysterious music playing]
[chanting]
[knocks on desk]
Amen. You need a room?
[Zende] Mumbai Police.
Which room is he staying in?
Alan. uh… This is Alan. right?
This is Carl.
Carl Bhojraj.
[stammering] The Swimsuit Killer?
- 301. 302.
- Come on.
But. sir. he already left.
He checked out last night.
[stammers] A telegram
came for him this morning.
"Father not well. Haveliram."
Sir. the man in room 302
barely left an hour ago.
His train was at 12 o'clock.
- Sir. Sir.
- You. Jacob. head to the station.
- Sir.
- Make enquiries there.
- Okay.
Hey. Jacob.
- Sir.
- Go to the station master. Shinde.
- Yes. [Grunts]
- I know him well.
I don't know which idiot put a curse on me
first thing this morning.
I missed my train.
Can you give me back my room?
It's still empty. right?
- Yeah.
- Oh. good.
[comical music playing]
You have had it cleaned up. right?
Yeah.
Sir. your room is vacant.
Room 302. right? [Chuckles]
What are you trying to say. sir?
[precarious music playing]
[comical music playing]
Get him! Get him! Get him down!
- Down! Down! [Strains]
- No. no. I can't.
[bees buzzing]
[suspenseful music playing]
"Father not well. Haveliram."
- What is this?
- Sir… [stammers] It's nothing. sir.
[grunts] Ow.
Who is this "Haveliram"?
[stammering] You know. sir.
that TV show. Buniyaad? [Chuckles]
[stammering]
He is the main character. Haveliram.
Sir. I am a just a normal person.
A family man.
Uh. those foreigners got me
into this mess. sir.
[Jacob] Where is Carl?
Carl? C-C-Carl... [grunts]
Sir… [whimpers]
[sniffles] Sir.
he pulled a fast one on me.
[stammering] He sent me off to Delhi. sir.
and then just disappeared.
- You mother...
- Hey. hey. wait. wait. wait. Jacob. wait.
[grunts]
I'm bored. man. chasing after this moron.
Let's do something new.
- [Tyagi] No. sir.
- Huh? Entertaining.
You see that bee hive up there?
[comical music playing]
Whoever breaks it will be treated
- to a fried chicken dinner at the hotel.
- [stammering] No. sir.
- Sir. this is not right. sir.
- [Jacob] Good idea.
- Sounds good. Huh?
- You'll break this hive and run off.
And these things will come down
and they will… [whimpers]
They'll give you a kiss.
[imitates kiss] Just like that.
And not just one. A lot of kisses.
[imitates kissing]
[chuckles. stammering] Sir.
Sir. this is a crime. sir.
Come on. Forget it. Let's go.
- You can't do this. sir.
- This is a good idea.
- Sir. first. you have a go.
- This is just trivial violence.
- [Zende] Yeah?
- Sir. this is against the rules. sir.
- Hey. sir? Go back. Go back.
- Yeah?
- It is too easy from here.
- This isn't right.
- Sir. this is wrong. sir!
- Come on. Okay. there. Right here.
- What? Here?
- I'll draw a line for you. sir.
- Sir. Please let me go. sir.
- Here.
Sir. I don't know anything.
- [Zende] Okay. this looks good.
- [stammering] Sir. [Chuckles]
Let hit it together.
Someone is sure to make the shot.
- We'll share the chicken anyway.
- Yeah.
Sir! This is wrong. sir!
- Please. sir. Please let me go. Sir.
- Let's get a good stone.
- Sir. please. Listen! Please let me go!
- You count to three.
- I'm gonna count to three.
- [sobbing] No!
- One. two...
- No! Sir. sir! No. no. no.
Goa!
[sobbing] Goa.
- Goa.
- What about Goa?
Sir. Carl has gone to Goa.
So Carl's in Goa. What can I do?
We are still stuck here. in Panvel.
Come on. let's start.
- Hey. don't disturb us.
- Come on.
[stammering] Sir! Bike. bike! Bike. sir!
[sobbing] He bought a bike. sir.
The bike is blue in colour. [Whimpers]
It's a Rajdoot.
Bike number?
Uh. 8648.
Hey. Patil. note it down.
- Sir. that's our Jeep's number.
- [Jacob] 8648.
[comical music playing]
- This asshole.
- I'm going to hit it.
- Please don't! I'm telling you the truth!
- You guys. get inside.
- Come on. I'm not gonna say it.
- Sir. I don't remember. please!
- Please don't do it. Sir!
- Let the bee sting get all of you.
G-R-D! Sir. G-R-D! Sir!
[sobbing] GRD 5460. sir.
[music stops]
Stop making a racket.
[upbeat music playing]
[music continues playing on radio]
[ship horn blows]
She leaves for the US on the 7th.
[villainous music playing]
And we leave with her.
- She will take us to America?
- [Carl] Mmm. in five days.
- This was your plan? What a genius!
- [groans]
- Easy. bro! Easy. buddy.
- [snickers]
We need three passports.
We need. um. three bodies.
[mischievous music playing]
I'm going to America. baby.
Come with me.
We'll do bang-bang.
jing-jang… [snickers]
American style.
[lively music playing on radio]
[owls hooting]
Once we're in America. where do we go?
What will we do? Which city?
New York?
I like New York!
I'll earn in dollars and have lots of sex!
Every night. different babe.
Foreign babes. [Chuckles]
Am I right. Carl?
Whatever you want.
Whatever I want?
I can do two together at one time!
Sandwich! [Cackles]
I've seen it in films.
- [grunts. choking]
- [sinister music playing]
Now. we only need two dead bodies.
[bicycle bell rings]
Sir.
- Zende.
- Yes. sir.
- [children laughing]
- Come on. Off you go.
Hey. hey… [stammers] God bless. God bless.
- Sir!
I said I'd rather meet you outside the
office because this is a secret mission.
Sit down. Sit down. [Grunts]
Sir. kokum juice.
Oh. wow. Thank you.
Commissioner?
[stammering] Yes.
DGP. DGP Purandhare.
Yes. sir.
[chuckles]
- Patil. have some.
- [Patil] Huh? Mmm.
As I was saying…
- Zende. please sit down. Come on.
- Yes.
- Sit.
- Sir.
No. no. no. please sit down.
- So…
- [bicycle bell rings]
- Yes. sir?
- Yeah.
[Zende chuckles]
- Ah.
- Sir. please continue. I'll be right back.
[Purandhare chuckles]
[comical music playing]
- [door closes]
- [bicycles bell rings]
This is a secret operation.
And we are not taking any help
from Goa Police.
[Jacob] Sir?
If we can get the help
of the local police.
our work would get a lot easier. sir.
If you want easy work. Jacob.
then why not open a grocery store?
Sorry. sir.
What do you think. Zende?
Sir. I don't want anyone else
to get the credit for our victory.
And I don't want anyone else
to get the blame for our loss.
- We are not losing. Zende.
- No. sir.
We've already lost once.
And I think love and defeat
should only be experienced once in life.
Wow. what a line. sir.
[Purandhare] Carl was in Mumbai
for four days.
And he gave Mumbai Police the slip
and got away.
Therefore. the Mumbai Police
must catch him.
And. secondly. even though we've sent
repeated notifications to the Goa Police.
there's been no movement at their end.
That's why we have to do this job.
[upbeat music playing]
Zende. tell me.
who are you taking with you?
Sir. Jacob. Patil.
and if this involves the Railway Police.
- then Deshmane.
- Sir.
And someone who speaks the local language.
so Mr Naik.
- And Patekar.
- Sir.
Good.
I don't want you using
your real names there.
Because if the mongoose knows the Snake.
then maybe the Snake
knows the mongoose too.
The two of you go back 15 years. Zende.
Got it. sir.
All right.
You will all take
an early-morning flight tomorrow.
[music stops]
F-Flight?
[music resumes]
What's wrong?
You have. uh. never been on an airplane?
No. sir.
- [child] Dad.
- Huh?
[sentimental music playing]
Oh. Surekha.
You know the navy blue coat
that Prakash wears sometimes?
- Yeah.
- I needed it for a few days.
- Sure. no problem. Okay.
- Okay. thank you.
What did you tell her?
That you're going through a wedding.
Our mission's a secret. right?
- Oh.
- Ha.
You are not going to Goa.
And now. what's wrong?
- Hey. Carl can't do any...
- To hell with that stupid Carl.
Surekha told me that all sorts of things
go on in five-star hotels in Goa.
- What?
- Those… Th-Those…
[stammering] What "those"?
Uh. you know. those… [scoffs]
…ca-cabaret dancers.
They dance half-naked
with all sorts of feathers and things.
Really?
Oh. show me. show me. How?
Haven't you seen those women
who dance like this in the movies and…
Surely. the things
you trick me into doing.
- Go.
- Where? Goa?
[inhales sharply] Mmm.
[chuckling]
- Viju.
- Huh?
- Come to bed.
- Yeah. yeah. I'm coming.
[heroic rock music playing]
[Zende] We have a booking.
Name?
Raut. Om Raut.
Om Raut.
Prabhakar Kadam.
Hari Pawar.
Chandrakant Bhoir.
Ganesh Randive.
Rushi Kapoor.
- Rushi Kadoo.
- [Zende] Mmm.
K-A-D double-O. Kadoo.
Room number 10 and number 11.
Excuse me?
Your purpose of visit is?
Picnic.
[upbeat instrumental music playing]
[panting] Sir!
I found the registered address
of the bike owner.
- Pinto Villa. Candolim.
- [bicycle bell rings]
[knocks on door]
Sir. looks like G. Pinto isn't at home.
- Patekar. Go.
- Hmm?
[sly funk rock music playing]
Huh? Hmm.
[straining. grunting]
[glass shatters]
[cat meows]
[dejected music playing]
- House is empty. sir.
- An empty house is the devil's workshop.
- [chuckles]
- [softly] For God's...
[suspenseful music playing]
Thief?
Police.
Pinto. sir...
Not "Pinto. sir". G. Pinto.
- [comical music playing]
- Gregory Pinto is my name.
Okay. sir. G. Pinto. sir.
Is GRD 5460 the number of your bike?
Someone stole it.
Have you found it?
[stammers] Are we traffic police?
- GRD 5460.
- [Zende] Mmm.
A blue-coloured Rajdoot? Hmm.
What about it?
You see. the guy who took the bike
is my brother.
He came all the way here
because of a girl.
- [chuckles] He is your brother?
- Real brother.
Was your mother's system
wired differently. huh?
One is like a fair-skinned foreigner.
and the other is like you.
a dark countryman? [Laughing]
[in Konkani] Just tell me this.
Did he come here?
[in English] It's like this. sir.
Whoever wants to buy a bike.
he comes straight to Lobo. Okay?
Now. after he's bought the bike.
how the hell should I know
where he's going or what he's doing. huh?
[clicks tongue] Just get out of here.
okay? Why are you bothering me?
- Hey. Hey!
- Hey!
- Hey! I mean. sorry.
Come on. Let's go.
- Sir. let's just pick him up.
- Then what?
Should we keep him in our room?
This isn't Mumbai. It's Goa. Goa!
Don't lose it.
Cool it.
- Cool it.
- Sir?
- Hmm?
- But this means that...
This means Carl is definitely in Goa.
Hundred per cent.
[investigative funk rock music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
Tonight. we are going to split up
into teams of two.
We go to all the five-star hotels
and nightclubs in the area.
Since these are five-star hotels.
we have to look the part.
So I want you all to dress up
in the best clothes you have.
- And Patil?
- [Patil] Here. sir.
Patil. this?
Sir. you told us
to wear our best clothes. right?
I had this. uh. tailored
for my brother's wedding.
Total razzle-dazzle.
Awesome.
[funky nightclub music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
[Jacob] Twice I took those. uh.
bike taxis.
Pilot taxi. sir.
They call them pilot taxis in Goa.
- Bill?
- I don't have the bill.
No problem. sir. We'll make a voucher.
I'm sure you'll remember
the number of the bike.
I don't even remember
my wife's name. okay?
It's Isabela. sir.
Your wife.
That's her name.
- What do they care? [Scoffs]
- [Naik grunts]
The accounts department
will ask me questions. you know that?
Rs.24?
[TV playing indistinctly]
Bring me one tea.
Sir. We should have also had
amazing cars. automatic guns and gadgets
like James Bond. don't you think?
We would have caught Bhojraj
in no time. Like that.
Hey. Patil.
You don't these toys to catch criminals.
You just need this to catch them.
You don't even need that.
Sit down.
You need this to catch criminals.
And I have a feeling. right here.
that Carl has changed his tactics.
We're looking for him in the stars.
and that snake is crawling around
somewhere in the dirt.
[psychedelic trance music playing]
[American accent] Hey.
- Nice to meet you. Yeah.
- Nice to meet you too.
- [Carl] He was telling me about you.
- [tourist] All good things. I hope.
Oh. well. look at y'all. What…
What a beautiful… what a handsome couple.
- [tourist 2] Thank you.
- [Carl] When are you leavin'?
- Tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
Hey. yeah. That's what I heard.
That's what I heard.
Uh. he was sayin'
you're in the market for a memento.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah? Enough of these beads.
whatever these are. Freaking…
You want to be a Goa hippie for the rest
of your life? Jesus Christ. I don't.
[chuckles]
- I got 'em right here.
- [tourist 2] What you got?
Back in the States.
I can charge a premium.
[music continues]
- Oh. my gosh. Are those real? Wow!
- [mutters]
As real as the blood in your veins.
Hey. you guys look over this. Right?
You can give 'em a peek.
I'll get you a drink. What are you havin'?
Ah. you don't worry.
I know what's good here. Yeah?
Eh. uh. don't. uh…
don't pocket one of 'em. All right?
- I will not.
- No. we're good.
[mysterious music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
[in Russian] The fuck you doing.
hitting on my girlfriend?
I'll shoot you.
You'll pay for flirting with my Marina.
Have you fucking lost it?
- I'll shoot you right here.
- [music stops]
- [crowd clamouring]
- Shut up!
- I'll kill you.
- [tourist 3. in English] Take it easy!
- [speaks Russian]
- [in English] Okay. okay. Listen. listen.
[in Russian] Get lost.
- Who are you?
- [in English] Oh. oh. oh! Okay. Gun down.
- Put the gun down. Put the gun down.
- [in Russian] I'll shoot him.
- [in English] Who are you?
- I am police.
- [sinister music playing]
- Okay. Gun down. Police.
- No. calm down. Calm down.
- [speaks Russian]
- [grunts]
- [groans]
- [grunts. groaning]
- [crowd] Oh!
[precarious music playing]
[inspector] Inspector
Madhukar Bapurao Zande?
Zende.
"Jha." Zende.
[in English]
And what are you doing in Goa?
Picnic.
- What's this get-up for?
- Um…
So I can hide from my wife.
[cunning music playing]
Where's your wife?
In Mumbai.
We're in the middle of divorcing
each other right now.
She's very suspicious.
Do you really expect me to believe
the story you just told me. Zende?
Yeah. I mean…
Tell me the truth.
What are you doing in Goa?
I just told you.
- A picnic.
- [Patil] Zende. sir! Ze…
- I. uh… [stammers]
- Hey. this...
[chuckling] Hey. Madan! Madan.
This… This is Madan.
- Madan?
- Madan.
- [Patil] Madan.
- Yeah.
- My brother-in-law.
- Brother-in-law?
Yes. brother-in-law.
Mmm.
- Him?
- [Zende] Mmm.
- He is your brother-in-law?
- Yes.
And your brother-in-law calls you
"Zende. sir" all the time. is it?
In public. O-Out of respect.
In private. he calls me
by the nickname "Gotiya".
- Marbles?
- Huh?
He's right. "Hey. Gotiya!"
Like that.
Now. you understand
why I put on this disguise?
Look. sir. the thing is.
- my wife sent this little toad…
- Mm-hmm.
…to keep an eye on me.
Now. I have to go outside
and sort things out with him.
Otherwise. he'll go back
and tell his sister everything.
So. can I leave?
Don't think for a minute. Zande...
Zende.
Yeah. Don't think for a minute
that I don't understand
what you are trying to do here.
We. Goans. may be very cool
and easygoing. but. uh…
- We are not stupid.
- No.
So. enjoy you stay in Goa.
- Mister. uh…
- Zende.
- Hey.
- [grunts]
[dramatic sting plays]
What?
[Fonseca] Mmm.
- [sighs]
- So. brother-in-law.
- you like a beer?
- [Patil] Yes. sir.
- [Zende] And don't say "sir".
- [phone rings]
- Hello?
- [Zende] Jai Hind. sir. Zende.
Have you caught the Snake?
Not yet. sir.
Goa may be small
but it's still a state. sir.
And we're only six men. sir.
So. shall I send
the entire force there to help you?
[stammering] No. [Chuckles] No. sir.
I'll be in Mahad the day after.
It's close to Goa.
The Prime Minister is coming.
If you have some good news by then.
I'll bring the cage there
to lock up the Snake myself.
Okay. sir. Jai Hind. sir.
The British Foreign Minister
expressed concern
about international criminal Carl Bhojraj
escaping from Tihar Jail at the summit.
Even though 15 days have passed.
the Indian Police have not been able
to find any trace of Carl.
Speaking to our correspondent.
the Foreign Minister said
that the whole incident was shameful.
Sir. he could have
fled the country in the last 15 days.
So why is he still here?
He definitely wants to leave the country.
[unsettling music playing]
But to do that. he needs a passport.
And in order to get his hands on one.
he'll be willing to kill again.
[sinister violin music playing]
- To life!
- To life.
Santé!
Bottoms up.
Why not?
[sinister orchestral music playing]
[choking]
[neck snaps]
[music fades]
Rest in peace.
[music resumes]
John Miller.
[owl hoots]
MAHARASHTRA POLICE HEADQUARTERS
[reporters] Sir! Sir!
- One question. sir.
- Sir! Sir!
Sir. Carl Bhojraj was in Mumbai and
yet our police weren't able to catch him.
- What do you have to say about that?
- Sir. where's Carl now?
Sir. is it true that he's given
the Mumbai Police the slip for good. sir?
Listen. you will get the answers to
all your questions but at the right time.
[reporters clamouring]
[Purandhare] Mrs Zende. is that you?
Come in. Come in. Come in.
Come here.
- Um. namaste. sir.
- Yes?
Well. uh.
today is our wedding anniversary.
Um…
Oh. wow. Congratulations. yeah. [Chuckles]
And the thing is. uh.
he's really fond of puran poli.
So. uh. I have made some.
- But. uh…
- Uh.
…I don't know where he is.
uh. staying in Goa.
- Zende didn't tell you where he's staying?
- Sir.
Isn't the mission a secret?
Yes. [Chuckles] Yeah.
So is it possible to get this box to him?
Of course. Certainly.
But I'll keep one piece for myself. okay?
Thing is. we only get abuse from people.
- We never receive such sweets.
- No. sir.
- But…
- No. I mean. d…
Don't take any from this one.
I've made you
another box of the same sweets.
Oh. my.
In that case. I'll personally handle
these puran polis to Zende.
[both chuckle]
- Uh…
- Yeah.
Here. take this. Here.
Some tea?
No. no. Uh. um. I'll leave.
- Thank you.
- [chuckles]
[tender music playing]
[children cheering]
- Hello. [Chuckling]
- Okay. children. Hurry up.
One by one. Form a line. Form a line.
See that? Where did
so many Charlie Chaplins come from?
They're having a competition. sir.
Who will be
the best Charlie Chaplin? [Chuckles]
Hey. don't you think
Jacob would nail this competition?
He just has to knock off
both sides of his moustache.
[all chuckling]
Hey. You can't even laugh at yourself?
I'm laughing. sir.
- Oh.
- [all laughing]
- Sir. the chits are ready.
- [investigative music playing]
Today. we are going to go out on our own.
Let's spread out a little more.
Let's cover a little more area.
The chits we pick
will decide who goes where.
Sir. I have had one more name added
to the list.
- Which one?
- Divar Island.
It sits
in the middle of the Mandovi river.
You have to go there by ferry.
I think
we should take a good look there. sir.
Okay.
[exhales deeply]
[Patil sighing] Mmm.
Hmm. Arambol.
Candolim.
Majorda.
Agonda.
Varca.
Divar Island.
[sweeping music playing]
[unsettling music playing]
And I asked him.
He said there were three people...
- Boys. is Patil back yet?
- Not yet. sir.
[Jacob] Sir. look at this news. sir.
[breathing shakily]
Last night. the police found a man's body
on Anjuna beach.
The man's a foreigner.
Someone burnt him alive. sir.
And what's more. there was no passport
or anything found on him.
Sir. this is exactly
Carl's modus operandi.
[ominous music playing]
[sighs]
[Patil] Sir.
What's wrong. Patil?
Sir. I saw him.
Saw whom?
I saw Carl. sir.
[dramatic sting plays]
[ominous music continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[Zende] And you just let him slip away?
I got scared. sir.
He killed 32 people.
Most likely 33!
Sir. I'll go to the ferry and check.
What is the point of going there now. man?
Sir… [stammering] I don't know. sir.
but I have to go. sir.
I have two children. sir.
- [breathing heavily]
- All I could see was their faces...
Then go tell your children
that their father is a coward!
[dramatic music playing]
That the Most Wanted Criminal
in the whole world
appeared right in front of their father.
who. despite being a cop.
did not even lift a finger!
And they will be very proud of you!
- Sir. but...
- Fear!
Everyone feels fear. Patil!
But remember. when you're a policeman.
fear shouldn't be a reason
for turning away.
It should be a chance to stand up
and face it with courage.
[pensive orchestral music playing]
Carl? Oh. so you are planning
to marry that criminal?
- [children laugh]
- [laughs]
[Zende] Look. Commissioner.
He who does not do wrong to others
is a good man.
He who doesn't let himself be wronged
is a strong man.
And he who prevents others
from being wronged
is a decent man.
Am I not a decent man?
[Viju] I'll fast every Saturday and pray
to Lord Hanuman. for your protection.
Listen. I don't interfere
with your police work.
You don't interfere with my beliefs.
[gentle romantic music playing]
- Hello?
- Happy Anniversary. Commissioner. ma'am.
So you remembered?
I don't want you killing me. do I?
You talk such rubbish.
I'm mad at you. It took you three days
to finally find the time to call me.
Okay. listen. I gave Purandhare sir a box
of puran polis to be delivered to you.
To Purandhare sir?
Viju.
He's the DGP. Director General of Police.
So?
I'm a wife.
If a wife can hold the fort at home
while her husband's on a mission.
then why can't she give a box of sweets
to the DGP?
If only you men would start listening
- to your wives for a change then…
- Wife.
Carl's wife.
- Viju. Carl has a wife!
- [comical music playing]
What about his wife. sir?
Carl's wife is in America. Chantaal.
- Chantelle.
- [stammers] Screw that name. yeah?
Just try to get my point. Jacob!
All of Carl's money is kept with his wife.
Where's his wife? In America.
So. when Carl wants to talk to his wife
sometimes. where do you think he goes?
America?
That means international calls.
The telephone exchange. sir?
Exactly! So wherever Carl might go.
the whole team will have to follow.
[Jacob] Listen. Patekar.
Patekar!
There must be a register for all
the international calls made from here.
Can you show it to us?
Even you know that in our country.
the only thing you get for free is air.
So if you want to talk business.
then go ahead or get lost.
- Go on.
- Huh?
Pay him 20.
You mean we pay him?
[scoffs] Come on. How will I explain this
to the accounts department?
Where's the register?
You'll find the register on the table
in the cabin next to mine. Go take a look.
Come on. Let's go. let's go.
By the way…
The thing is. not too many people
come here to make overseas calls.
It's a government office
so there's a lot of paperwork.
Somewhere in Porvorim. there's a bar.
- The owner and…
- [door opens]
- We have an arrangement.
- [door closes]
Overseas calls are made there.
One after the other.
Without paperwork. Mmm.
Bar's name?
[chuckles]
We have given you 20 rupees.
- [Carl] O'Coqueiro.
- [foreboding music playing]
No. I will need it
as soon as I land in New York. [Scoffs]
It's my money. my dear.
Oui. And you are still my wife.
Yes.
Yes. I will call you soon.
Au revoir.
- Sir.
- Hmm?
[music intensifies]
Sir. suppose we manage to capture him
here in Goa. but what happens after that?
We hand him over to the Goa Police?
If we have to hand him over
to the Goa Police.
why the hell are we working on our own?
To tell you the truth. Jacob…
I don't want to get into this game
of getting all the credit.
A criminal escaped from jail.
And after that he committed a murder.
And since I'm a policeman.
I just want to catch the guy.
Alone.
or with someone else.
It makes no damn difference to me.
Sir. I mean.
if we could take Patil with us...
There's no place for cowards in this team.
- Understand?
- Deshmane?
Oh!
Amdekar!
How are you? Where have you been?
We have a senior officer
down from Delhi. Vyas.
- [Deshmane] Oh.
- [Amdekar] Let me introduce you to him.
What the hell. Sinha?
Sir. please meet a few of my friends
from the Mumbai Police.
And this is Vyas sir. Delhi Police.
It's been two weeks since
Carl Bhojraj escaped from Tihar Jail.
And that's why Vyas sir and his team
of 15 to 16 men are here to catch him.
Inspector Zende. sir.
Sir. we are also here
for the same purpose.
Sir. Purandhare sir said
not to discuss these matters...
One minute.
We don't have time for this anymore.
[tense music playing]
If we work together.
we'll catch Carl a lot faster.
Sir. we've received a lead that
Carl Bhojraj will show up at this bar
because phone calls made from here
to any corner of the world
connect at lightning speed.
Carl's wife is in America and he will
most definitely come here to call her.
First and foremost. Mr…
What did you say your name was?
- Oh. Madhukar Zende. sir.
- [Vyas] Mmm.
I didn't ask you to sit.
[precarious music playing]
I'm going to have to talk to the Home
Ministry about this unofficial operation
of the Bombay Police.
- Sinha. make a note of this.
- Sir. Yes. sir.
You Bombay boys don't
do a lot of homework. do you?
Maybe that's why Bhojraj spent four days
in Bombay after getting out of Tihar.
And these guys couldn't even
find a trace of him.
Bhojraj always stays five-star.
Why would he come to this dump
to make a phone call?
- Amdekar. let's go.
- Yes. sir.
[Vyas] Come on.
[music fades]
- [Vyas] Who was that?
- [Zende] Sir!
Your homework hasn't
been all that great either.
That's why. in your Tihar Jail.
he got permission to celebrate
his birthday on March 16th.
And under that pretext.
he served everyone pudding.
knocked them out. and escaped.
By the way.
Carl's birthday is tomorrow. sir.
Sixth April.
All the best. Mr… whatever your name is.
[Zende] Not whatever. sir.
Inspector Zende.
[heroic music playing]
Inspector Madhukar Bapurao Zende.
[ominous music playing]
Sir. if you like. I could keep
a few men here.
Stop being ridiculous!
But sir. if what he says
turns out to be true…
He is just an ordinary inspector.
Just a small-time cop.
Carl will never come here.
Okay. sir.
[comical music playing]
[crowd cheering]
- [stammering] Sir?
- What happened?
[sighs] We only have 87 rupees left.
On top of that.
we still have to pay the hotel bill.
[mutters]
Here.
Sir. from your own pocket?
This is my mission.
Ten from me.
I have 12.
That's five from me.
[sighs]
Sir. I have only two rupees.
We're not leaving
before we get this scumbag.
- Hmm?
- Yes. sir.
Sir. when I go back to Mumbai.
I will tell everyone in the department
that…
Sir. Don't turn your head
immediately. okay.
- but I think that's...
- Yeah. Fonseca?
Mate. I know.
He has been stalking us all day.
He reads the morning paper at night.
[all laughing]
Jacob. don't laugh today.
I am laughing. sir.
[all laughing]
Hey. Fonseca!
[laughing continues]
Hey. someone tickle the fella.
Then we'll see him laughing.
[Zende] Jacob.
- Hey. hey. no. you can smoke.
- No. no sir. It is okay.
- You dropped it.
- It's okay.
Well. never mind. It is a bad habit.
Okay. listen.
- If Carl wants to get out of this country…
- Mmm.
…he has no choice
but to go through Mumbai.
- Mmm.
- There is no international airport in Goa.
Mmm.
So then why is that asshole
still here in Goa?
[Jacob] Yes. sir.
And now he has a passport as well.
[Zende] Mmm.
There's a place we need to see.
[tense music playing]
[officer] She leaves tomorrow.
From here to Egypt.
and from there to New York. America.
Sir. that rat will make his escape
on this ship tomorrow.
Let's have the team in place
by early morning.
The port area is too big. Jacob.
And we have very few men.
We will come here.
but we can't take our eyes off
O'Coqueiro tonight.
[Jacob] Sir.
[tense music continues]
Name?
John Miller.
- [Home Minister] Purandhare?
- Jai Hind. sir.
Purandhare. are some people
from your department in Goa right now?
Not that I know of. sir.
Some men from the Mumbai Police
met ACP Vyas in Goa yesterday.
They were talking about Carl.
Must be one of our officers
on holiday. sir.
Or on some secret mission?
There are no secrets. sir. I assure you.
Purandhare.
Your department has already failed
once in handling Carl's case.
If something like that happens again
because of you…
Sir. there is nothing like that.
Jai Hind.
Jai Hind. sir.
[ominous sting plays]
Sir. Sir. they are purposeless.
They keep roaming here and there.
It's Goa. [Chuckles]
But. sir. I'll be honest.
I don't think Carl is ever coming to Goa.
Why would he come here?
He'll come. To this very place.
- Can you feel it here. sir?
- I can feel it right here.
Everyone will stay in their positions.
- Completely alert.
- Yes. sir.
- Patekar. we need a vehicle.
- Yes. sir?
- Vehicle?
- Any problem?
It'll be done. sir.
Look. I admit we don't have any weapons.
Any money.
Or any support.
People call us "jackasses."
The Jackasses of Mumbai.
But what they don't know is
when a jackass from Mumbai gets going.
he puts the perpetrator's ass in a sling.
Sir.
When you have guts.
you can always have
a second chance. Patil.
Understand?
- Hmm?
- [musician] Excuse me!
- Excuse me. Please move.
- What is… Hey…
- You'll hurt someone. Just a second.
- [musician] Come this way. Be careful.
- Be careful.
- What's going on here?
Sir. it looks like
there is a wedding reception here today.
A wedding reception at a bar?
Welcome to Goa. sir.
[all] Cheers!
[tense music playing]
Sir. I have a feeling
we are staking out the wrong place.
We should be at the dock right now.
Then go to the dock with the others.
I'll stay here.
Sir. but you…
My policeman's gut tells me
that asshole will come here.
You guys go to the dock.
If it so happens that you catch him there.
you will need more people.
Sir.
[clicks tongue]
[tense music continues]
- We're heading to the dock. Come on.
- And Zende sir?
He's going to stay here. Come on.
Sir. let me stay with Zende sir.
Please. sir.
Let's go.
[engine cranking]
Come on. Deshmane. Let's go.
It's just not starting.
What do you mean. not starting?
[engine cranks]
What the…
It started in the morning. sir.
Otherwise how would it get here?
[funky jazz music playing]
[singing]
[rapping]
[no audible dialogue]
[singing continues]
Sir.
- We did not order this.
- Uh. you did. You did. sir. you did.
[David] Hey.
This is the wrong order.
It's wrong?
[grunts] Patekar! Patil!
Come in. come in. come in!
Patil! Patil! Patekar!
Hey. come here! [Growls]
Patekar! [Grunts]
[both grunting]
- Hello. Carl.
- Who Carl?
- You Carl.
- I am not Carl.
You are bloody Carl!
- [grunts]
- [groans]
[grunts]
I'm going to sell you
for twice the price in my village.
[David screams]
[muffled shouting]
[groaning]
[music continues]
[grunting]
[both grunting. groaning]
[music ends]
- [both grunting]
- [attendees clamouring]
- Sir!
[grunting] Jacob! Patekar!
Come here. over here! Grab him!
- We got him!
- [straining]
Hold him down! Hold him down!
What the hell is going on in my hotel?
I'll call the police!
I am the police.
Mumbai Police.
- [yelps]
- Sir. I took care of him.
I put the horse before the cart.
Brilliant.
[heroic trumpet music playing]
Sir. they caught the snake.
[chuckles]
Yes. sir. Okay. sir.
Sir. Purandhare sir has ordered us
to take Carl to Mumbai right away.
- Okay. good. Let's go...
- But how will we go?
We don't have a car anymore. sir.
If there's no car. we'll take a horse.
No horse. then a rocket.
We walk. we fly. but we will drag him
all the way back to Mumbai anyhow.
Or would you rather celebrate
your honeymoon here with him?
No. sir.
- Sir?
- What?
You actually caught Carl Bhojraj
at our wedding. sir.
Can we get a picture?
Sure.
On one condition.
What condition. sir?
[engine running]
[all cheering] Bye!
- Who is this?
- David.
The one who escaped
from Tihar Jail with Carl.
Carl Bhojraj?
He was in Goa?
- Yeah.
- [phone ringing]
[clamours]
We were caught napping. Fonseca.
Literally napping.
Those guys picked up Carl
from a bar in Porvorim today.
- Yes. sir. but…
- If they've really got Carl.
then I don't want him crossing
the border of Goa. Understood?
Ah. yes. sir.
[mischievous music playing]
Patil. can you do it?
Don't worry. sir.
I drove an ambulance for two years.
[yelps]
[tyres screeching]
What the hell. man?
[grunting. breathing deeply]
Hello. Carl.
[music fades out]
Do you remember me?
No.
Are you a film star?
[Jacob] Zende sir's nabbed you
once before.
In '71.
I see.
So. then we are old friends.
Happy birthday. Carl.
You know?
The mongoose knows everything
about the snake.
So. where is my birthday present?
We're taking you to Mumbai in such style.
What more do you want?
Stop the van.
Now this van only stops
in Mumbai. directly.
[mischievous music playing]
Hey. Sit down.
Sir! Hey. Sir. what is he doing. sir?
- Sit down. you scumbag.
- Sir…
Hey. what the hell are you doing?
Hey. why are you coming towards me?
Sir. he's gonna piss on me. sir.
Sir. please stop the van. sir.
- Stop. please.
- Patil. stop the van.
[urine trickling]
[Zende] Move!
[horn honks]
You got lucky.
Or the headlines would say.
"The Snake was crushed under a truck".
- [grunts] Take him.
- Come on.
[both grunt]
You're not getting away from me.
you asshole.
I'm gonna sit on your chest like
a ton of bricks all the way to Mumbai.
- Let's go. Patil.
- [Patil] Yes. sir.
[Jacob] Sir.
Fonseca must have found out by now.
It's a green Matador van!
It's a green-coloured Matador!
[Zende] Once we cross the border
into Maharashtra.
we have nothing to worry about.
They are heading
towards the Goa border! Over!
[Carl] Zendi.
How much money do you need to let me go?
Someone rightly said
that "air and idiots are
to be found everywhere."
You think you can bribe me?
What a fucking idiot you are.
I will remember your face this time.
I will get out of jail.
and I will find you.
I will be waiting.
[tyres screeching]
Patil! Idiot! He kills one person
at a time. You want to kill us in one go?
Sir. look what's ahead.
[sirens wailing]
Patil. drive through it.
Drive through it! Hold him. hold him!
Through it. Patil!
- Come on. get him up. get him up!
- Up. up. up!
Pick him up! Quickly!
Sto… Sto… stop!
Run! Run to the border!
- [panting] Bhende!
- Zende.
Who cares?
I told you before. I have my eyes on you.
[chuckles] I am taking him with me.
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
- Oi! Oi! Help!
- Shut up! Shut up!
- [Carl] Help!
What the hell?
- [Zende mutters]
- Oi!
[Patil shouts] Quick! Get him!
Come here. Patil.
- Pick him up! Come on.
- Yes. sir.
I'm here. yes. sir…
- [grunting] Let go. let go. let go!
- [grunting]
[straining] Zende!
Hey. leave him! Leave him!
[clamouring]
- [Zende grunts]
- [Fonseca grunts]
Huh?
[grunts]
- Hey… [muttering]
- You bastard!
[Jacob] Get him. sir!
Wait. someone stop him!
Zende!
[all grunt]
Stop. Zende.
Or I swear I'll shoot you.
You come to my state
and right from under my nose...
In your state?
No.
You are in my state.
Welcome to Maharashtra.
[triumphant music plays]
MAHARASHTRA JURISDICTION STARTS
If you're ever in Mumbai.
give me a call. okay?
We'll have a cup of tea. Eat vada pav.
Well!
I can still take you. him and your
whole goddam team back to Goa with me.
Who's going to see me do it?
[sirens wailing]
Sir.
Caught by Mumbai Police.
Bowled by Mumbai Police.
I'm proud of you. Zende.
Thank you. sir.
- Proud of you. boys.
- Sir.
And this is?
[Zende] Inspector Fonseca. Goa Police.
It's thanks to him
that we reached this far. sir.
[laughs]
[no audible dialogue]
Then I must thank you too.
Inspector Fonseca.
Thank you. sir.
Bye. Carl.
Who Carl?
You Carl.
I am not Carl.
You are bloody Carl.
And you. Zendi.
You will be famous because of me.
[chuckles]
[sirens wailing]
[heroic music playing]
AGRIPADA POLICE STATION
Sir!
Inspector Madhukar Bapurao Zende.
Madhukar Bapurao Zende. the OG. [Chuckles]
[laughing]
[shutter clicks]
[harmonious music playing]
Viju.
Hey!
Viju?
[both laugh]
The puran polis were very sweet.
Just like you.
Did Purandhare sir deliver them to you?
Of course.
He may be the DGP of the department.
- but he's someone's husband too.
- [chuckles]
[Zende] Hmm? [Chuckles]
The kids?
They're in school.
And Ma?
She went to drop them off.
So?
[groans]
Hey. so what happened to Carl?
You'll hear it on the radio.
[newscaster] Last night a team from
the Mumbai Police
arrested the dangerous killer
Carl Bhojraj.
It was Mumbai Police Inspector
Madhukar Zende
who accomplished this feat.
[vendor] Hey. look. Zende sir is here!
[upbeat rock music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm